[SYCL][Doc]Editorial changes "if_architecture_is" (#12258)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_device_architecture.asciidoc

architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_adl_p
----
|-
|Alder Lake P Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_adl_n
----
|-
|Alder Lake N Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_dg1
----
|-
|DG1 Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_acm_g10
intel_gpu_dg2_g10 = intel_gpu_acm_g10
----
|-
|Alchemist G10 Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_acm_g11
intel_gpu_dg2_g11 = intel_gpu_acm_g11
----
|-
|Alchemist G11 Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_acm_g12
intel_gpu_dg2_g12 = intel_gpu_acm_g12
----
|-
|Alchemist G12 Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_pvc
----
|-
|Ponte Vecchio Intel graphics architecture.

a|
[source]
----
intel_gpu_8_0_0 = intel_gpu_bdw
intel_gpu_9_0_9 = intel_gpu_skl
intel_gpu_9_1_9 = intel_gpu_kbl
intel_gpu_9_2_9 = intel_gpu_cfl
intel_gpu_9_3_0 = intel_gpu_apl
intel_gpu_9_4_0 = intel_gpu_glk
intel_gpu_9_5_0 = intel_gpu_whl
intel_gpu_9_6_0 = intel_gpu_aml
intel_gpu_9_7_0 = intel_gpu_cml
intel_gpu_11_0_0 = intel_gpu_icllp
intel_gpu_12_0_0 = intel_gpu_tgllp
intel_gpu_12_10_0 = intel_gpu_dg1
----
|-
|Aliases for Intel graphics architectures.

> 3+^|*Nvidia GPU family*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3+^|*NVIDIA GPU family*
```
...to match the rest of the table.

amd_gpu_gfx1102
amd_gpu_gfx1103
----
|-
|AMD RDNA 3 architecture.

a|
[source]
----
amd_gpu_gfx1150
amd_gpu_gfx1151
----
|-
|AMD RDNA 3.5 architecture.

a|
[source]
----
amd_gpu_gfx1200
amd_gpu_gfx1201
----
|-
|AMD RDNA 4 architecture.
|===

[_Note:_ An "alias" enumerator is generally added for new Intel GPU devices
only after hardware has finalized and the exact version is known.
_{endnote}_]

[_Note:_
For NVIDIA GPUs, the architecture enumerator corresponds to the
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#compute-capabilities[compute capability]
of the device, and `if_architecture_is` can be used similarly to the
`+__CUDA_ARCH__+` macro in CUDA.
_{endnote}_]

=== New `if_architecture_is` free function

This extension adds the following new free function which may be called from
device code.

|====
a|
[frame=all,grid=none]
!====
a!
[source]
----
namespace sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental {

template<architecture ...Archs, typename T>
/* unspecified */ if_architecture_is(T fn);

} // namespace sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental
----
!====

_Constraints:_ The type `T` must be a {cpp} `Callable` type which is invocable
with an empty parameter list.

> _Preconditions:_ This function must not be called from host code.

Reviewer: Nit: I don't know if we have a precedent here, but I usually don't write these as negated conditions.

```suggestion
_Preconditions:_ This function must be called from device code.
```
